1. Start by reviewing the data.gov home page. What is this?
-It is the home the US Government's open data

2. Go to Most Viewed Datasets. How many datasets are listed?
-There are 402,375 datasets found

3. Find the Topic Category for Human Health. Review the range of data sources
available for this topic. Why do you think these were tagged with the Human Health
category?
-A lot of them have to do with food and air quality. They both affect human health. 

4. Go to the Food Price Outlook. Review the catalog page for this dataset. How can you
navigate to additional datasets from the USDA?
-Downloads & Resources

5. Go back to the data.gov home page. This time, click on Datasets by Organization.


6. Try searching for your city, county, and state. What organizations are returned?
-It returned no organizations

7. Search for USDA, and click into the result. Within the USDA datasets, search for food
composition. Notice that the top three results are all datasets concerning nutrition
information. Try searching the USDA page for nutrition. How does that affect your
results? -It returned 229 results with Nutrition whereas food composition returned only 17 datasets
a) One of the tricky things about working with data is that sometimes the terminology
used by a data source is not obvious. You may need to dig around and be creative
to find what you’re looking for.
 
8. Go back to the results for food composition, and click on FoodData Central. Review
the catalog page for this data source, then click on the button for Visit Page. Take
some time to explore the FoodData Central website.
a) Try searching for butter, or any of your favorite foods. What kind of results do you
get? What happens when you click on a result? - The foundation foods come up
b) Go back to the home page. Find Foundation Foods, and click on Downloads. What
kind of data can you find on this page? How big are these files? Where can you find
more information on the data types available?
-I can find the latest and the historical downloads. The files are large, 10s to 100s of MB depending on format. I can find more info about the data types in the Documentation pages and Download Field Description 


